[Music]
welcome to another episode of 7 minute
marketing with Pam my name is Pam dinner
I love sharing a little dose of b2b
digital content marketing and sales
enablement 7 minutes at a time
ok this is episode 99 0 I can't believe
that I'm only 10 episodes away from 100
is certainly being a journey so here are
three big lessons I learned from doing
90 episodes number 1
unlike blog post is much harder to edit
podcast episodes after publishing so I
consider myself a writer not a podcaster
or a voice professional like many people
I don't particularly like the sound of
my own voice vocal recording is not
something I do naturally from my
perspective blog writing so much easier
if I find myself unhappy with a blog
post after publishing guess what it's a
simple task to change it at any time I
just go to the wool press make changes
no sweat for podcasting when I finish
recording there is a post-production to
finalize the recording so the changing
is a much more involved process
in addition producing a podcast is a
whole lot more expensive than writing a
blog post number 2 podcast script
writing is different than writing a blog
post in my earlier episodes I took some
of my blog post and recorded them as
they wore okay that was a huge mistake
podcast scripts are different than blog
posts for podcasts you need to get to a
point much faster you need to keep it
flowing like a conversation like what
I'm doing now not necessarily like
writing an essay and for a similar topic
I need to write a blog post which is a
little bit more formal then I need to
write differently for podcast script and
it's really double the
the work well I become better and more
efficient over time but is still an
effort the biggest benefit of writing a
podcast grib is to train myself to write
differently and create another option
for my audience to consume my content
number three
podcast helps me structure my answers in
a more succinct way another benefit of
doing the podcast especially my format
of answering one marketing question in
seven minutes or less is that it helps
me think through my answers logically
and structure them in a more concise way
it has helped me tremendously to prepare
for media interviews that I do online or
offline I am less nervous and more
comfortable talking to others while
being recorded in addition the practice
from recording audio episodes helps in
all aspects of my presentation delivery
so before I kick off my podcast I didn't
know what format or show a podcast I
wanted to do and as much as I wanted to
interview guests on my podcast or
partner with Anala McAteer to debate and
discuss marketing challenges the
logistics coordination and cost wouldn't
be sustainable for me
therefore I selected a show type that
gives me better control which is just me
talking like now answering one question
at a time in about seven minutes okay
this may not be as flashy as I like but
the logistics are sustainable and I have
more within my control plus my target
audience is b2b marketers if they reor
to something they want some actionable
takeaway an actionable takeaway is what
I do so here's an ugly truth I actually
stay away from podcasts for a long time
the reason is I don't want to expose
myself to others on the platform that
I'm not very good at for writing I can
hide behind the curtain and make changes
whenever I want for podcasts you can
hide
why you record is what you get even with
awesome post-production edits I wouldn't
say that I'm very very good at it now
but I've certainly come a long way since
my first episode and don't go back to
listen to my first episode anyway
alright just stay with the current
episodes you're good you're good all the
time I actually learned to enjoy the
process of the recording and answering
the people's questions my original goal
was to hit 100 episodes
well I'm very close and we'll see how
far I can go again if you have any
questions you know where to reach me
just google Pam dinner if you like the
podcast please share with your friends
and colleagues it would mean a lot to me
in the meantime keep hustling my friends
you got this
[Music]